Previous
Next
123456789
Welcome to the Department of Computer Science at University of Delhi.
Department Brochure
The Department of Computer Science was established in the year 1981 with the objective of imparting quality education in the field of Computer Science. The Department has modern facilities for teaching, learning and research. The Department offers a wide array of research opportunities and programs of study at undergraduate and postgraduate level.
The Department started 3-year Master of Computer Applications (MCA) programme in the year 1982, which was among the first such programmes in India.
The Department started 2-year M.Sc. Computer Science programme in the year 2004 with the aim to develop core competence in Computer Science and prepare the students to carry out development work, as well as take up challenges in research.
Besides these, the Department offers Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Computer Science aimed at producing quality researchers and high-impact interdisciplinary research.
Undergraduate CBCS programmes - B.Sc. (H) Computer Science, B.Sc. Physical / Mathematical Sciences and B.A. Programme (Discipline Courses in Computer Applications) are offered by the University of Delhi through its constituent colleges.
With rapidly evolving technology and the continuous need for innovation, the Department has produced quality professionals holding important positions in the IT industry in India and abroad.
Latest News
Pre-admission preparation classes for candidates, from lesser privileged sections of the society, applying for Ph.D. (Computer Science) program for the academic year 2021-22 in the Department of Computer Science
Independance Day Celebration
Panel for appointment of Assistant Professors (on Ad-hoc basis) in Computer Science in the constituent colleges of University of Delhi for the academic year 2021-22
Notification : Fee waiver - for students affected by Covid-19 Pandemic
Filling up the examination form by the students admitted in 2020 for Semester II (Assignment Based Examination) for all UG, PG courses for Even Semester Academic Session May-June 2021
Conduct of Internal Assessment (IA), Practical, Viva-Voce, Projects, Oral (Moot Corts), Apprenticeship, Internship and Field Work for II Semester students for the Academic Session 2020-2021
Addendum Notice for empanelment of Assistant Professors on Ad-hoc basis in the Department of Computer Science in constituent colleges of University of Delhi, Delhi
Last Date: Monday, 19th July 2021, 11:59 PM
Guidelines/Policies related with grading/results for Intermediate Semester/Term/Year students for all Under Graduate (UG) and Post Graduate (PG) Programmes all streams including NCWEB and SOL in view of the Covid-19 pandemic as special measure for the Academic Session 2020-21
Notice for empanelment of Assistant Professors on Ad-hoc basis in the Department of Computer Science in constituent colleges of University of Delhi
Srijan: The Annual Magazine
Guidelines for Open Book Examinations (OBE): M.Sc. Computer Science (Admissions of 2019) (CBCS Scheme) and MCA (Admissions upto 2018) - Examinations June 2021 (OBE Mode) for Essential Repeaters, Improvement & Ex-Students: Notice
Datesheet for MCA (Admissions upto 2018)-Examinations June 2021 (OBE Mode) for Essential Repeaters, Improvement & Ex-Students
Datesheet for M.Sc. Computer Science (Admissions of 2019)(CBCS Scheme)-Examinations June 2021 (OBE Mode) for Essential Repeaters, Improvement & Ex-Students
Preparation of Date sheet of Post Graduate/Professional Courses Semester Examination June-2021 in OBE Mode
Revised Time Table: Pre-PhD Course Work
Time Table: M.Sc. Sem II, MCA Sem II
Office Order - COVID-19: Notice
Corrigendum regarding timings of MCA and MSc Examinations (Semester-I), Only for Admissions of 2020: Notice
Time Table and Syllabus - Pre-PhD Course Work
Guidelines for Open Book Examinations (OBE) - Semester Examinations March- 2021 for MCA/M.Sc. I Semester Students: Notice
Date-Sheet for MCA and M.Sc. Computer Science (Semester-I), Only for Admissions of 2020 (CBCS Scheme): Notice
List of shortlisted candidates for Admission to Ph.D. (Computer Science) Programme for the Academic Year 2020-21: List of shortlisted candidates
Notice for MCA/MSc Final year Students and Research Scholars: Notice
List of candidates called for interaction after Round-II of interviews for Admission to Ph.D. (Computer Science) Programme for the Academic Year 2020-21: List of candidates for Interaction
List of Candidates shortlisted for Round-II of interviews for Admission to Ph.D. (Computer Science) Programme for the Academic Year 2020-21: List of candidates for Round II
Additional Adhoc Panel for the Appointment of Assistant Professors on Adhoc Basis in Computer Science, in the constitutent colleges of University of Delhi for Academic Year 2020-21: Notice
Notice: Submission of Documents by the students admitted in MCA and MCS courses in year 2020
Time table - MCA I/IV and MCS I Sem: Time Table
Revised Notification regarding duration of examination for the students in the OBE Semester Examination Dec 2020
Revised Notice for enpanelment of Assistant Professors on Ad-hoc basis in the constituent colleges of Department of Computer Science, University of Delhi, Delhi
Additional Ad-hoc Panel for Assistant Professors in Computer Science in the constituent Colleges of University of Delhi (2020-21): List of Candidates
Ad-hoc Panel for Assistant Professors in Computer Science in the constituent Colleges of University of Delhi (2020-21): List of Candidates
Ad-hoc Panel for Assistant Professors in Computer Science in the constituent Colleges of University of Delhi (2020-21): Notice
Ad-hoc panel for Assistant Professors in Department of Computer Science, University of Delhi: Notice
Nodal officer(s) for e-resource related queries in the department: Prof. Naveen Kumar , Email: nk.cs.du@gmail.com
Additional Ad-hoc Panel for Assistant Professors in Computer Science in the constituent Colleges of University of Delhi (2019-20): List of Candidates
View All
Student Corner
Notification regarding extension of last date of submission of examinations forms for the examination to be held in April, 2021: Notice
Notice and form for issue of laptops for First Year Students from the department: Notice and Form
Minor Datesheet - MCA and MSc: Sem I
Time table - MCA and MCS: Sem I
Internal Assessment - MCA: Sem I; Sem III; Sem V
Internal Assessment - M.Sc (CS): Sem I; Sem III
Course Allocatlion
Student Grievance Form
Clearance Form