Home » Admission » MCA
Master of Computer Applications
MCA Admission 2021-22
Quick Links
Announcements
Admission Portal	Bulletin of Information	Distribution of Seats (Category-Wise)	Eligibility
Admission Procedure	Entrance Exam Details	Syllabus for Entrance Test 2021-2022	Fee Structure	Contact Us
Grievance Committee
Announcements
Notice
Download
Notice related to reopening of PG admission portal to update marks	Notice
Undertakings	Undertaking - Migration_Certificate,
Undertaking - Submission of Result,
Undertaking - OBC / EWS Undertaking,
Undertaking for SC/ ST/ PWBD
Fourth + Spot Round Admission List	List, List-PwD/CW
Third Admission List	List
Second Admission List	List , List-PwD/CW
First Admission List	List , List-PwD/CW
Interviews called-off for admission to MCA and M.Sc. (CS) program for the year 2021-22	Notice
Schedule of Entrance Exam for Delhi University Entrance Test (DUET) 2021	Notice
Distribution of Seats (Category-Wise):
Total Seats (General+SC+ST+OBC+EWS) - 58
Admission Criteria
Total
GEN
SC
ST
OBC
EWS
PWD (3%) *
CW (5%) *
Sports (Upto 5%) *
Entrance	58	23	09	04	16	06	02	03	03
Merit	00	00	00	00	00	00	00	00	00
Foreign National (5%)	03	-
Note:
Supernumerary Seats (PWD, CW, Sports, Foreign National) are over and above the total number of seats. (As per the University rules)
Eligibility:
In Entrance Category
Category Id	Course Requirements	Marks Requirements
1	Any bachelor degree from the University of Delhi or any other University whose examination is recognized as equivalent to that of University of Delhi with at least one paper in Mathematical Sciences (Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Operational Research) under annual mode/at least two papers in Mathematical Sciences (Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Operational Research) in semester mode.	60% marks in aggregate or equivalent of CGPA as per University norms wherever it is applicable.
Note:
1. The candidates who are appearing in the final year examinations of the degree on the basis of which admission is sought are also eligible to apply (Relaxation will be given to the candidates belonging to SC, ST and OBC category as per the University rules).
Eligibility: As per the Bulletin of Information
Admission Procedure:
Admission to MCA programme is based on Entrance Exam. The entrance examination shall be of two hours duration. For other things, the rules of University of Delhi shall be followed.
Note:
In the wake of the unprecedented situation that has arisen due to COVID 19, admission to both the PG courses in the department will not have the interview component. Therefore, the entrance based admission will have 100% weightage of the written test.
Entrance Examination:
MCA entrance examination shall consist of 50 objective type questions to be solved in 02 hours. The approximate distribution of questions will be as given below:
English	10
Mathematics	30
Computer Science	04
Logical Ability	06
For any queries related to MCA admissions:
Nodal Officers	Contact Details
Prof. Punam Bedi
mcaadmission2021.computersci@gmail.com
Dr. Kuldeep Singh
Grievance Committee
Grievance Committee Members	Contact Details
Prof. Neelima Gupta
mcaadmission2021.computersci@gmail.com
Prof. Punam Bedi
Prof. Vasudha Bhatnagar
Dr. Bharti
Dr. Kuldeep Singh
Click Here for MCA programme details.
Archive