
DU Website
SOL Helplines
North Campus of SOL
011 27008300, 011 27008301, 011 27667600, 011 27667581, 011 27667645 011 27666777, 011 27666780, 011 27662050
South Study Centre
011 24151600
inquiry@sol-du.ac.in
Mental Health Counselling
Prof. SPK Jena - 9818290430
Dr. Geeta Sahare - 9811720101
Prof. M.S. Bhatia - 9810161790
Prof. Shruti Srivastava - 9625900583, 9810665324
Dr. N.K. Chadha - 9625900583, 9810665324
Dr. Renu Malaviya - 7042103070, 981113480
Dr. Harpreet Bhatia - 9899176089
Support for Staff and Students with disabilities
»Prof. Anil K. Aneja, OSD, EOC and Nodal Officerosdeoc@gmail.com, anil.aneja@gmail.com»Dr. Bipin K. Tiwary, OSD, EOC - 9811426337 bipintiwarydu@gmail.com
IT Support
For all IT related support, please write to director@ducc.du.ac.in
DSW Office
Students' Grievance Form for suitable action
Grievance form
Admissions 2020
Examinations 2020
Prof. P. C. Joshi visited the university land at Surajmal Vihar along with UE, JR (estate), Deputy Dean, Works and other officers. University of Delhi is planning to build East Campus in the present site
Prof. Anil K. Aneja, OSD, EOC and Nodal Officer, PwD, conferred the Sarojini Trilok Nath National Award
Prof. Anil K. Aneja, OSD, EOC and Nodal Officer, PwD, was recently conferred the Sarojini Trilok Nath National Award in the best individual category. The Award has been instituted by the National Association for the Blind (Delhi) and is conferred on a visually impaired person for his/her outstanding lifetime achievements. The Award was presented to Prof. Aneja on 5th December, 2020.
Special Summary Revision of Electoral Roll
Adjusting to Covid-19, University of Delhi held its Academic Council meeting in blended mode on 27th of November, 2020
Constitution Day (26 November 2020)
❮
❯
Message from the Vice Chancellor (acting) to Students.
Dear Students,
I extend a warm welcome to the fresh batch of young scholars who have made it to India’s best known University. This batch will be the special one to become the part of the centenary celebrations of Delhi University, which is turning 100 in a few months.
I am very happy that most of you have patiently completed the online admission process to connect yourself to the university’s firm devotion to truth - Nishta, Dhriti, Satyam. I am so excited to see the best and the brightest of India’s youngest student pool becoming the part of DU.
I think none of us will have lived through a crisis like this and there are now fundamental changes to our daily lives, the way we study, communicate, work and socialise. The present crisis may change us in multiple ways
and there could be institutional challenges on a scale we have never known, but there will always be innovations and fresh ideas which bring assuring gains in the future.
Though normal academic activities have suffered owing to the Covid-19 situation, we tried our best not to obstruct our pursuit of teaching and research. The pandemic has forced us to rethink the way we have been working. Our fellow colleagues have successfully adapted to new innovative digital aids to ensure quality teaching and learning process. My colleagues have been incredibly creative to formulate and adapt education and work to a new format. I strongly encourage you to connect using the many technology options made available to you. I am also aware that many of us are struggling due to technological challenges specially who are in the remote areas of the country. This will require us to make significant changes in the ways in which we operate, so as to become much more flexible in how we teach, research and administer the university.
So, despite all odds, I am very confident that the things that have made Delhi University prosper will remain key strengths in the future.
Please remember, nothing is more important than the health, well-being and safety of the DU community. Please take care of yourself, your family and loved ones during this stressful time.
Best wishes
Professor P.C. Joshi
Vice Chancellor (acting)
University of Delhi
18 Nov 2020
Acting Vice Chancellor and Director, South Campus visits All India Institute of Ayurveda for an interaction with the Director and Faculty members of the Institute
Centre for Canadian Studies organizes "Inaugural Webinar" on "COVID 19: Strategy and Experience of India and Canada" on 9th November 2020 in association with Department of Finance and Business Economics UDSC
University authorities - Acting VC, Director, South campus, Dean Colleges, DSW and Proctor interacting with representatives of students and faculties from North-Eastern states in an online-offline meeting
Hon. Vice Chancellor (acting) visited South Campus and met HoDs of various departments in the presence of Director, South Campus
DUCKU officials felicitating Prof PC Joshi, Vice Chancellor (acting)
Obeservance of Vigilance Awareness Week 2020,
Integrity Pledge for Citizens, organisations,Online link
NATIONAL UNITY DAY (31 Oct 2020)
Report - NATIONAL UNITY DAY (31 Oct 2020)
Video - NATIONAL UNITY DAY (31 Oct 2020)
Images- NATIONAL UNITY DAY (31 Oct 2020)
Review meeting under the chairmanship of Hon'ble EM and Hon'ble MoS (MoE) of ‘Institution of Eminence’October 26, 2020
Visitor's Conference : Implementation of NEP 2020: Higher Education: September 19, 2020
National Webinar on Creating Awareness about National Education Policy, 2020 Through NSS/NCC/NYKS/UBA Volunteers
Pro Vice-Chancellor's Message on Teachers' Day
The journey of human civilization has been founded on the path of knowledge, and teachers have been the timeless thread that string together knowledge and hand it down to the learners to empower them to dream and shape a better future for all. Acknowledging this ageless tradition which shaped us what we are today, and understanding the responsibilities that rest on our shoulders as teachers of one of the biggest Universities of this nation, I wish every teacher a Happy Teachers’ Day.
Teachers are heart and soul of the education system. It is a teacher who can touch the lives of innumerable students for a lifetime.
It is a teacher who feels triumph in the success of his students and infuses hope in minds of those who are still striving.
As we celebrate today, the birthday of Shri Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, the former President of India, and an academician, philosopher, and statesman par excellence, I would like to share his thoughts with you. Shri Radhakrishnan said, “The end product of education should be a free creative man, who can battle against historical circumstances and adversities of nature.” To achieve this end result, we, as teachers of this great University which is nearing its centenary, have to constantly strive to enhance our knowledge and creativity so that by imparting it to our students, we create a fertile ground for new ideas, innovations, creativity and knowledge to germinate and flourish.
Last but not the least, in this era of information inundation, teachers have to play the vital role of inculcating value education to students so that education is not all about learning of facts but opening of mind.
Wish all teachers of this University and across the country, a Happy Teachers’ Day once again.
Professor P.C. Joshi
Pro Vice-Chancellor
Condolence Message
Fond memories from the Delhi University Archives
Independence Day Celebration 2020
Conclave on Transformational Reforms in Higher Education under National Education Policy 2020(August 7, 2020)
Live Streaming Links -
https://facebook.com/HRDMinistry/
https://youtube.com/channel/UClbbWYTjSiXnhShJ0Z1-05g
https://twitter.com/ugc_india?s=12
Vice-Chancellor's appeal to contribute to The PM CARES Fund
Dear Colleagues,
In the last week of March 2020, the University appealed to you to come forward and contribute to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic. Thanks to your support, we got inspired to launch ‘DU Care for Neighbour’ programme to feed the hungry in the neighborhoods of our North and South campuses and also contributed one day’s salary to the relief efforts.
We have come to realize that we are in the midst of the biggest battle that human civilization has fought in recent centuries. Life as we know it has come to a standstill. There has been an unprecedented increase in the numbers of have-nots in every part of the world.
In these circumstances, it’s incumbent upon us to raise the level of social consciousness. We can set an example of extraordinary sensitivity by contributing a percentage of our gross salary for a few months to The PM CARES Fund for the welfare of those affected by the pandemic.
By doing so, we can at least try to repay an unquantifiable debt to those who have nurtured us and thus become the beacon of hope in their lives.
I urge you to contribute to the best of your capacity by using consent/authorization form {http://app.du.ac.in/covid19}.
You can make a positive difference in people’s lives through this contribution. Don’t miss to water your roots. Let the University be known not only for its academic excellence but also for its philanthropic flagrance.
May we all grow in wisdom and heart, and emerge more resilient than ever before.
Sincerely,
Yogesh Tyagi
facebook.com/universityofdelhi
twitter.com/univofdelhi
instagram.com/univofdelhi
Foundation Day Greetings from the Vice-Chancellor
Dear Students, Colleagues and Alumni,
Today, 1 May 2020, is a momentous day for the University of Delhi as we celebrate its 98th Foundation Day. This day is also an exceptional one for each one of us as it offers a unique opportunity to celebrate what we have accomplished, to express our gratitude to those who have contributed to the growth of the University and to strengthen our resolve to continue developing our institution for our future generations.
The University which started in 1922 with just four colleges and two faculties has grown by leaps and bounds. Today, we are 16 faculties, 86 departments and 91 colleges strong community. But more than the quantitative and infrastructural expansion, what drives us more is our university’s qualitative and intellectual expansion. Also, what makes us euphoric is the growing strength of our brilliant students and eminent alumni.
Looking back on last year, we are proud of our collective efforts and accomplishments. We were not only recognized as an Institution of Eminence (IoE) by the Ministry of Human Resource Development but also conferred with graded autonomy Category-I by the UGC on the basis of our consistent performance and progress.
Also, 2019-2020 was an important year of institution-building for us. To cater to social needs and to give major impetus for cutting edge research we established four new institutions: Delhi School of Public Policy & Governance; Delhi School of Public Health; Delhi School of Skill Enhancement & Entrepreneurship Development; and Delhi School of Climate Change & Sustainability. In addition, we have started the process of building a new women’s college at Fatehpur Beri Village in South-West Delhi to help uplift the standard of education mainly in the rural areas of Delhi. We are sure that the network of interdisciplinary research institutions along with wider social outreach programmes that we are envisaging is going to be richly endowed by your illustrious contributions.
We have renewed our cherished dream of making our North Campus an integrated campus, and we deeply appreciate all those who are helping us in realizing this dream.
Whatever we have been achieving till now is an outcome of the inspirations, efforts and contributions of each one of you. The University is proud of and honored by those who have made constructive contribution peacefully.
As we navigate the new decade especially with so many challenges presented by COVID-19, we have to set the agenda for the future that must be based on the edifice of inclusion, diversity, innovation and sustainability for humanity. Let us also remind ourselves of those areas that we must pursue in our departments, faculties and colleges and also at an individual level to fulfil our dream of getting our university placed in the top 100 institutions of the world.
Quality education, research & innovation, equitable ambience, sustainable campus, and partnerships with new knowledge producers are the major areas where we must continue to improve. Surely, each one of you has been gifted with enormous potential to do much more to take us to the league of the world top 100 universities.
Always remember that our country’s greatest strength is our people. Our colleges and universities’ greatest strength are our students. It is a sacrosanct duty of every faculty member to impart high-quality education to our students, produce world-class research, abide by the rule of law, and render national service when the occasion demands.
Today, we cannot ignore that COVID-19 has caused a massive disruption in our socio-economic life. It has taken the lives of more than two lakh people the world over. It has rendered millions of people unemployed, stranded, or vulnerable. Several professions are now inactive. The economy of every country is in jeopardy. The number of have-nots has increased dramatically in every nook and corner of the world.
All this has or is likely to have an adverse effect on poor people. They warrant our support. There is a need to mobilize additional resources so that crucial lives can be saved and vulnerable people can be helped diligently. In these circumstances, people who are at an advantage have a special responsibility to set examples of social sensitivity and philanthropy. This is one of the most crucial responsibilities of the University and its faculty members, in particular.
We all have a duty not only to consolidate the intellectual foundations of our university by following a rich teaching-learning process but also to strengthen the moral foundation of the University with the help of our exemplary philanthropy demonstrating our sensitivity toward vulnerable people who cannot overcome the present crisis without collective support. Let the University be known not only for its academic excellence but also for its philanthropic flagrance.
On our foundation day, let’s take a pledge to further solidify our resolve ‘to strive towards excellence in all spheres of individual and collective activity so that the nation constantly rises to higher levels of endeavour and achievement.’
Best Wishes,
Yogesh Tyagi
Message from the Vice-Chancellor to Students and Colleagues
Message from the Vice-Chancellor to Alumni
VICE CHANCELLOR'S MESSAGE TO ALUMNI
Our Esteemed Alumni,
We hope that this message finds you in the best of health and spirit!
During these times of unprecedented crisis brought on humanity by the COVID-19 pandemic, all of you are in our thoughts and our prayers are with you and your family.
We are confident that you must be contributing diligently in the service of the nation at this critical juncture.
Your alma mater has always been committed to national service. You would be glad to know that this time also we are doing our best to meet the pandemic challenge not only on our own but also in cooperation with our government and committed individuals like you.
Though normal academic activities -- mainly classroom teaching and laboratory research -- have suffered owing to the distancing mandate, we have not allowed these constraints to hamper our pursuit of knowledge, research, innovation and social outreach. Indeed, the pandemic has forced us to rethink the way we work and deliver. Our faculty members have successfully explored virtual classrooms and other digital aids to ensure continuity in the teaching-learning process. We are contemplating the conduct of examinations for the current session for our learners who amount to nearly nine lakhs. We are reviewing our preparations for admissions in the next session. We feel confident our students will have a fruitful session this year, too
Majority of our students hail from different parts of India and some from countries across the globe. We are taking care of those who continue to reside in our hostels.
The University has responded promptly to the call for national service. The faculty and staff members of all departments and constituent colleges of the University have collectively contributed their one-day's salary, amounting to more than four crore rupees, to the Prime Minister's Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations Fund. We intend to do a lot more in the near future as well.
We have launched the 'DU Care for Neighbour' programme, so that no poor or homeless remain hungry in neighbourhoods of our North and South Campuses. We have encouraged our constituent colleges to take up the cause in their respective neighbourhoods.
The University has constituted a Special Task Force with a diverse representation that meets regularly through virtual mode to discuss impending challenges, devise solutions and implement them expeditiously.
You have been a constant pillar of support to the University and also a great contributor to nation-building. Today, your alma mater urges you to intensify your efforts to serve the society in whatever form you can from wherever you are located.
Together, we can enrich each other's lives, nourish humanity with greater unity of purpose and hope to build a better world.
We will be glad to know about your efforts in this direction and get inspired. Keep us posted about your efforts by writing to us at UnitedAgainstCorona@du.ac.in
Stay safe and healthy!
Best Wishes
Yogesh Tyagi
Press Release
Press Release - Special Cut Off and 6th and 7th Cut Off.
Press Release - Postponement of Spot Admission to UG Entrance Based Courses and Special Cut-Off for UG Merit Based Courses.
Press Release - OBE Examination - Information Till 17.08.2020
Press Release - Strong exception to the sweeping statement alleging graft charges in the 12 fully funded colleges by GNCTD
Press Release - OBE Exam
Press Release - OneDU Flagship Programme
Delhi University Admission Press Release regarding ECA Edit
Extension of last date of online applications for Admissions 2020-2021 till 31.07.2020
Extension of last date of online registration for admission to Under-graduate (UG), Post-graduate (PG), M.Phil., and Ph.D. programmes for the academic session 2020-2021
Launch of Delhi School of Skill Enhancement and Enterpreneurship Development (DSSEED)
DU Admissions 2020 - FAQs, Frequently Asked Questions
Delhi School of Climate Change & Sustainability
Vice-Chancellor's appeal to contribute to The PM CARES Fund
Institution of Eminence Launches Research Projects: "Research Without Barriers" Initiative
Delhi School of Public Health
Press Release - Delhi University Vice Chancellor Presides Over a Unique Webinar on 'Covid-19 and the Challenges of the Visually Impaired'
Registration process on hold for admissions 2020-21
Facility for students residing in DU Hostels due to COVID-19
Library from Home
Prevention of pandemic condition arising due to COVID-19
Registration process on hold for admissions 2020-21
Notifications
Notice –Admission to PG Courses IV
Filling up Examination form by the students for the Semester Examination III/V/VII (Under Graduate / Post Graduate / Professional Courses including NCWEB along with the Essential Repeaters, Improvement cases and Ex-Students) commencing from 12.12.2020
Instructions for Regular Students/Ex-Students/Essential Repeaters/Improvement Cases/NCWEB students for downloading the Admit Card for OBE Examination December-2020
7th Cut-Off List for admissions to UG Courses (based on merit) for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Press Release
7th Cut-Off - Arts & Commerce
7th Cut-Off - Science
7th Cut-Off - BA(Prog.)
Corrigendum - SHYAM LAL COLLEGE
Corrigendum - Rajdhani College
Corrigendum - Shyama Prasad Mukherji College for Women
Corrigendum - Deshbandhu College
Notification regarding Guidelines/Policies related with open Book Examinations (OBE) for students of Divyang (PWBD) category for Academic session 2020-21 in view of Covid-19
Notification regarding Filling Up the Examination form by the students for the Semester Examination III/V/VII (Under Graduate/Post Graduate/Professional Courses including NCWEB and SOL alongwith the Essential Repeaters, Improvement cases and Ex-Students) commencing from 12.12.2020
Special Cut-Off List 2020 - NCWEB
Press Release
Special Cut-Off List - B.A. (Prog.), NCWEB
Special Cut-Off List - B.Com, NCWEB
Corrigendum- Bharati College
Corrigendum- Jesus and Mary College
Corrigendum- Jesus and Mary College (B.COM)
Filling up the Examination form by the students for the Semester Examination III/V/VII (Under Graduate/Post Graduate/Professional courses including NCWEB and SOL along_with the Essential Repeaters improvement cases and Ex-Students) commencing from 12.12.2020,
Notice for Spot Admission to UG courses -II
Notice for the issuance of provisional certificate.
Schedule of admission for PG courses in Faculty of Law
Guidelines for allocation of Law Centres for LLB
6th Cut-Off List for admissions to UG Courses (based on merit) for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Press Release
6th Cut-Off - Arts & Commerce
6th Cut-Off - Science
6th Cut-Off - BA(Prog.)
6th Cut-Off -
Corrigendum
- Shri Ram College of Commerce
6th Cut-Off -
Corrigendum
- Dyal Singh College
6th Cut-Off -
Corrigendum
- Gargi College
6th Cut-Off -
Corrigendum
- Satyawati College(Eve.)
NOTICE regarding "Constitution Day"
5th Cut-Off List 2020 - NCWEB
Press Release
5th Cut-Off - B.A. (Prog.), NCWEB
5th Cut-Off - B.Com, NCWEB
Form for Spot Admission for B.Tech (IT and Math. Innovation)
Form for Spot Admission for BA (Hons) Humanities and Social Science
Form for Spot Admission for Five Year Integrated Programme in Journalism
Form for Spot Admission for B.El.Ed
Form for Spot Admission for BMS, BA(H) BE and BBA(FIA)
Special Cut-off list for admission to various Undergraduate Courses (Merit Based) 2020-2021
Press Release
Special Cut-Off 2020-21 - Arts & Commerce
Special Cut-Off 2020-21 - BA(Prog.)
Special Cut-Off 2020-21 - Science
Notice – Clarification of Special Cut-Off
Revised Notice –Admission to PG Courses II
Press Release - Special Cut Off and 6th and 7th Cut Off.
Advertisement for Appointment of new Vice Chancellor of DU
Notice Spot Admission UG(entrance) Courses
Vacant Seats and Spot Admission JAT
Vacant Seats and Spot Admission CIC
Vacant Seats and Spot Admission IP College
Vacant seats and Spot Admissions BElEd
Vacant seats and Spot Admission DSJ
Notice – PG Admissions-20th Nov 2020
Notice –Admission to PG Courses II
Revised guidelines regarding Absent or Result Awaited Cases of (OBE-2020)
Guidelines for Open Book Examinations (OBE) - Semester Examinations December - 2020 using OBE Portal for III/V/VII Semester, Essential Repeaters of I/III/V Semester, Improvement Cases and Ex-Students for all Under Graduate (UG) Programs of all streams including NCWEB & SOL.
4th Cut-Off List 2020 - NCWEB
Press Release
Corrigendum, NCWEB
4th Cut-Off - B.A. (Prog.), NCWEB
4th Cut-Off - B.Com, NCWEB
Notification regarding extension of last date of submission of examinations forms for the Semester examination December, 2020
Press Release - Postponement of Spot Admission to UG Entrance Based Courses and Special Cut-Off for UG Merit Based Courses.
Additional Notice - PG Admission 2020
Notice –Admission to PG Courses 2020
International Webinar Series on-"Webinar on Enhancing Mental Health and Well-Being for Youth: Role of Social Work"-Department of Social Work
21st November 2020, Saturday, Time – 3.00 pm (Time in India)
The link to join the event is
https://meet.google.com/xgs-fxta-ipr?pli=1&authuser=1
Notification regarding extension of last date of submission of examinations forms for the Semester examination December, 2020
5th Cut-Off List for admissions to UG Courses (based on merit) for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Press Release
5th Cut-Off - Arts & Commerce
5th Cut-Off - Science
5th Cut-Off - BA(Prog.)
5th Cut-Off - Corrigendum - Zakir Husain Delhi College
5th Cut-Off - Corrigendum -SPM College
3rd Cut-Off List 2020 - NCWEB
Press Release
3rd Cut-Off - B.A. (Prog.), NCWEB
3rd Cut-Off - B.Com, NCWEB
Notification for link for students left out for filling examination form for intermediate Semester/term/Year students for all UG and PG programs.
4th Cut-Off List for admissions to UG Courses (based on merit) for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Press Release
4th Cut-Off - Arts & Commerce
4th Cut-Off - Science
4th Cut-Off - BA(Prog.)
4th Cut-Off - Corrigendum - SPM College
4th Cut-Off Corrigendum - Hindu College
4th Cut-Off Corrigendum - Kalindi College
4th Cut-Off Corrigendum - DCAC College
4th Cut-Off Corrigendum - Kalindi College
2nd Cut-Off List 2020 - NCWEB
Press Release
2nd Cut-Off - B.A. (Prog.), NCWEB
2nd Cut-Off - B.Com, NCWEB
Notification - Revised Admission Schedule for PG Courses (Entrance / Merit Based)
Order - Ministry of Education
Conduct of Examination for III/V/VII Sem - 2020-2021
Press Release - Functioning of the University of Delhi
3rd Cut-Off List for admissions to UG Courses (based on merit) for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Press Release
3rd Cut-Off - Arts & Commerce
3rd Cut-Off - Science
3rd Cut-Off - BA(Prog.)
Guidelines for applicants for Third Cutoff
Corrigendum - Bhagini Nivedita College
Corrigendum- Dyal Singh College
Corrigendum- Motilal Nehru College
Corrigendum- Kamala Nehru College
Corrigendum- Lady Shri Ram College for Women
1st Cut-Off List 2020 - NCWEB
Press Release
1st Cut-Off - B.A. (Prog.), NCWEB
1st Cut-Off - B.Com, NCWEB
Notification for the last date of submission of examinations forms for the examination to be held on the December, 2020
Press Release - University of Delhi
Notice - For Residents of University Hostels
2nd Cut-Off List for admissions to UG Courses (based on merit) for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Press Release
2nd Cut-Off - Arts & Commerce
2nd Cut-Off - Science
2nd Cut-Off - BA(Prog.)
Corrigendum - Sri Venkateswara College
Corrigendum - Gargi College
Corrigendum: P.G.D.A.V. College (Eve.)
Corrigendum: Kalindi College
Corrigendum: Delhi College of ARTS & COMMERCE
Notification - Revised Admission Schedule for UG Entrance-based and PG Entrance/Merit Based admission process for the Academic Session 2020-21
Academic Calendar for the first year of undergraduate and postgraduate courses for the academic year 2020-21
1st Cut-Off List for admissions to UG Courses (based on merit) for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Press Release
1st Cut-Off - Arts & Commerce
1st Cut-Off - Science
1st Cut-Off - BA(Prog.)
Office Order - Re-opening of the University
Office Order for Administrative Operations of the University
Webinar on National Education Policy & Open Digital Education - Institute of Lifelong Learning (ILLL)
Notification to invite online applications for allotment of University accommodation for the year 2020-21
Procedure for rectification of discrepancies related with the results for the
Open Book Examination (OBE), 2020.
Participation in Vaishwik Bharatiya Vaigyanik (VAIBHAV) Summit- Brochure, Inauguration
CPC Announces Online Recruitment for the Academic Session 2020-21
NOTIFICATION-Schedule for UG (Entrance-based and Merit-based) and PG admissions for the Academic Session 2020-21
Composition of the Departmental Academic Integrity Panel (DAIP) as per UGC (PROMOTION OF ACADEMIC INTEGRITY and PREVENTION OF PLAGIARISM IN HIGHER EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS) REGULATIONS, 2018
Examination form Facility for final Semester/term/year and Ex-Students for OBE mode of examinations, Second phase of OBE , 2020
Access of Degree certificate of Delhi University through DigiLocker
Provision for the students of Undergraduate and Post Graduate course who
have appeared for the final semester/ term / year examination under the
first phase of pen Book Examination (OBE)
Order of Hon'ble High Court Delhi dated 07-09-2020
Additional facility for downloading question papers for the students using the ICT facilities for appearing in remote mode for the second phase of Open Book Examination (OBE) to be conducted w.e.f. 14.09.2020
Advisory for Colleges/Departments reagrding COVID-19 for Physical Mode of Examination as per the datesheet/schedule notified by the Examination Branch, University of Delhi
More Notifications
International Webinar Series- Some ideas for how social workers can make use of Gandhi’s heritage (while ignoring his utopianism)
-Department of Social Work
09 October, 2020, Friday, Time – 6.00 pm
The link to join the event is
https://meet.google.com/bhg-ejsi-jap
Promotion Criteria for the Intermediate Semester/Year students of UG & PG
(except Council Mandatory
Courses) in all streams including NCWEB & SOL as one time measure for the
current academic session 2019-20 in view of COVID-19 pandemic.
e-Invite - Interactive Discourse on Gandhi and New India - Developing Countries Research Centre (DCRC) - Friday, 2 October 2020, 11:00 am
International Webinar Series - How to Conceptualize Gandhi? - Department of Social Work
2nd October 2020, Friday, 2 p.m.
The link to join the event is
https://meet.google.com/bhg-ejsi-jap
International Webinar Series on-"Gandhi and the Claims of Indian Modernity"-Department of Social Work
26th September, 2020, Saturday, Time – 6.00 pm (Time in India), (8.30 am Time in New York)
The link to join the event is
https://meet.google.com/bhg-ejsi-jap
International Webinar Series on "Gandhian Thoughts and Social Work Practice" - Department of Social Work
19th September, 2020, Saturday, Time – 9.30 pm
The link to join the event is
https://meet.google.com/bhg-ejsi-jap
Clarification reagrding the queries related with the first phase of OBE examination as sought by the Principals of the Colleges
Issue of Provisional Certificates to the students who have paseed their final semester/year/term examination in the years 2017, 2018 and 2019
Notification regarding Inter college migration extended 30.09.2020
Academic Calendar for Under-Graduate and Post-Graduate courses for the Academic Year 2020-2021
Office Order in Compliance of MHA order dt 29.8.2020, MHA Guidelines
Notice - Correction in Admit Card of Delhi University Entrance Test-2020
Notification for FGrievance Redressal for the students under the PWD category including the Visually Impaired students appearing for the second phase of Open Book Examination (OBE)
Notice - Merit Based UG Admission
Notification for submission of Examination form for the second phase of Open Book Examination (OBE)
Release of Admit Card for Delhi University Entrance Test (DUET) Sep. 2020
Notification for Examination form (OBE- Second Phase)
Notification for students taking admission in foreign universities
Notice - Phased Entry of the Bona-fide Ph.D. Students to their Research Laboratories
Notice - For Residents of University Hostels-19082020
Design thinking workshop - Central Placement Cell (August 18, 2020)Registration Link:https://getsetgoworld.com/register?rf=922786165
Conclave on Transformational Reforms in Higher Education under National Education Policy 2020, scheduled for August 7, 2020.
Live Streaming Links -
https://facebook.com/HRDMinistry/
https://youtube.com/channel/UClbbWYTjSiXnhShJ0Z1-05g
https://twitter.com/ugc_india?s=12
Press Release - OneDU Flagship Programme
Notification - Apex Committee for OneDU Education Programme
Office Order regarding closure of University till 31.08.2020, MHA Guidelines
Result of CBCS, P.G Students of IInd and IVth Semester of Academic Session 2019-2020 (May-June 2020)
Notification - Academic Calendar
Notification - Summer Vacations
Additional Guidelines for Admission under Extra Curricular Activities and Sports quota
Interactive Webinar-Changing Paradigms in Education - Central Placement Cell
The google registration link is: https://forms.gle/dtSpetio5Gq6b5cZ8
Notification regarding the Open
Book
Examination (OBE) for the final
semester/term/year
students
Notification for Postponement of Open Book Examination (OBE)
Notification for Postponement of Open Book Examination (OBE)
Notice for Online No Dues Certificate and Membership of WUS Health Centre
Letter to Deans, Heads of Departments and College Principals for providing details of visually impaired students requiring materials and assistive devices for the OBE
Downloading of Question papers and uploading of scanned images of
answer sheets for the Open Book Examination (OBE)
Date Sheet for rescheduled Semester/Annual examinations in OBE Mode July-2020 uploaded on 02.07.2020
Notification regarding Redressal of queries related with the date sheets Open Book Examination (OBE) for Undergraduate Programmes
Office Order in compliance of MHA order dated 29-6-2020 reg. Lockdown
Notification - Academic Calendar
Provision of scribes for the visually impaired students of Undergraduate
and Post Graduate Courses appearing for the Open Book Examination
(OBE)
MOCK TEST - OBE - Date Sheet | Step-by-Step Guide
Notification - Appointment of the Pro-Vice-Chancellor
Notification for postponement of OBE
Notice - Provision of study material/reference texts, assistive devices and facility of scribe for the visually impaired students of UG a PG courses appearing for the Open Book Examinations
Notice -
Information related with the Common Services Centre (CSC) engaged by the University of Delhi during the Open Book Examination
Notice - Procedure for downloading the Admit Card for final year students of UG courses of regular colleges for the Open Book Examinations
Notice: Closure of WUS Health Centre (North Campus) due to COVID-19 for 48 hrs w.e.f. 22 June 2020
Notice - Postponement of Post Graduate (MD/MS Unani Medicine and MD Homeopathy) Annual Examination 2020
Notice regarding Nodal Officer related with the grievances of the Open Book Examinations (OBE)
Notice regarding Extension of last date for filling of Examination Form
Notice - Postponement of Post Graduate (MD/MS/MDS and Diploma) Annual Examination June 2020
Notice - Procedure
for
downloading
question papers / uploading the scanned answer sheets for
the
Open
Book Examinations
(OBE)
Notice for Hostellers
Notice - Procedure
for
downloading
Admission
Ticket/Admit
card for
the
Open
Book
Examinations
(OBE)
to
be
conducted
for Postgraduate
courses
EXAMINATION DATESHEETS 2020
Postgraduate Examination Datesheets July 2020
Clarification on issue related with carry Forward for students appearing in examinations
Notification - Dean of Colleges
FINAL DATE SHEET OF SEMESTER/ANNUAL MODE JULY-2020
Guidelines/Policies related with Open Book Examinations (OBE) for students of Divyaang (PWD) category
Guidelines / Policies related with grading / results for Intermediate Semester / Term / Year students for all UG
and PG
programmes
EXAMINATION GRIEVANCE HELPDESK
Notification regarding Extension/Renewal of UGC-Non-NET/Non-JRF Fellowship
Guidelines/policies - Open Book Examinations (OBE) - PG programmes
Office Order in compliance of MHA order dated 30-5-20 reg. Lockdown
Notification-Revised Academic Calendar 2019-2020
Press Release - University of Delhi Admissions
Guidelines/policies - Open Book Examinations (OBE) - UG programmes
Work From Home Internships - Central Placement Cellhttps://internshala.com/i/du-virtual-internship
Checking and Verificaiton of information filled by the Students in the Examination Forms for the Academic Session 2019-20
Preparation of Date Sheet of Post Graduate Programmes for Final Semester/Term/Year for the Academic Session 2019-20
List of Designated Central/Delhi Govt. and Private COVID-19 Treatment/Care Centres)
DU's Virtual Learning Environment
Extension of last date for submission of results of Internal Assessment (IA), Practical, Viva-Voce, Projects, Oral (Moot courts) Apprenticeship, Internship, Field Work etc. for all Semester/Term/Year for Academic Session 2019-20 (wherever applicable)
Vice-Chancellor's appeal to contribute to The PM CARES Fund
Office Order to extend closure of University due to COVID 19 for further two weeks w.e.f. 18.05.2020
Institution of Eminence Launches Research Projects: "Research Without Barriers" Initiative
Press Release - Delhi School of Public Health
International Webinar Series on "Gandhian Thoughts and Social Work Practice" - Department of Social Work
Provision for the students of Undergraduate and Post Graduate course who have
appeared for the final semester/ term/ year examination under the first phase of pen
Book Examination (OBE) being conducted by the University for the academic session
2019-20 from 10.08.2020 to 31.08.2020 as one time measure and are in requirement
of their results for obtaining admission to higher studies in foreign Universities.
Webinar on Caring for the elderly amidst COVID-19: Challenges and concerns - Department of Social Work (May 18, 2020)
Notification regarding Conduct of Examinations for Certificate/Diploma/Advanced Diploma Courses by the respective Department/College for the Academic Session 2019-20 in view of COVID-19
Notification regarding Checking and Verification of information filled by the Students in the Examination Forms for the Academic Session 2019-20
Providing information of the Students belonging to Divyaang (PWD) category for Final Semester/Term/Year for the Academic Session 2019-20
Notice for Review and Revision of Online Courses
Webinar on Ethnography for Social Work (May 16, 2020)
Webinar on Mental Health and Well-Being during the Covid Pandemic (May 15, 2020)
Notification regarding Conduct of Examinations for Final Semester/Term/Year for the Academic Session 2019-20 in view of COVID-19
Circular regarding extension of date for filling-up Examination Form
Conduct of Internal Assessment (IA), Practical, Viva-Voce, Projects, Oral (Moot courts) Apprenticeship, Internship, Field Work etc. for 2019-20
ESS Consortium Webinar
Inviting Comments/Suggestions from Stakeholders on Examinations
UGC helpline and grievance redressal for students
Notification regarding Revaluation of result of Semester examination held in November/December 2019
Press Release - Security & Safety of residents of NESHW
Working Group on Examinations
Appeal - Online Teaching-Learning for the benefit of students
Improve your diet during COVID-19 pandemic period
Office Order to extend closure of University due to COVID 19 for further two weeks w.e.f. 04.05.2020
LEARNATHON-2020
Coronavirus – Advisory for People with Disabilities
Monthly Fellowship Details of M.Phil./Ph.D. Scholars to submit on UGC Portal
Academic Calendar for semester extension
Circular for students related to any problem in filling the Examination form
Filling up of Examination form
Video - Webinar on 'Covid-19 and the Challenges of the Visually Impaired'
Press Release - Delhi University Vice Chancellor Presides Over a Unique Webinar on 'Covid-19 and the Challenges of the Visually Impaired'
Coronavirus Myths and Facts: The Biggest Rumors, Busted
Webinar on Covid-19 and the Challenges of the Visually Impaired - Final Programme, Announcement
Corona Virus: Advisory II - World Immunization Week (24-30 April 2020)
Office Order to extend closure of University due to COVID 19 till 03 May, 2020
Support for Students and Staff with Disabilities During the Lock-Down Period on account of COVID-19
Notice for Hostel Residents
Correction in Mobile No. of Dr. Rinku Mathur, Medical Officer(I/C), WUSHC, UDSCs
Advisory to WUS Health Centre beneficiariesThose beneficiaries who intend to purchase medicines from their local chemist are allowed to do so and same shall be reimbursed so that they do not have to visit WUS Health Centre unnecessarily.
Request for Details for release of salary of staff under CAS / SAP / DSA Scheme and Fellowships
Request for Details for release of salary / fellowship for Project Staff / Researchers / Fellows
Details of COVID-19 Test Centres and Treatment Centres
WUS Health Centre timings in view of COVID-19
Office Order to extend closure of University due to COVID 19 till 14 April, 2020
Extension of closure of University due to COVID 19 till 14 April, 2020
Clarification on Office Memorandum dated 28.03.2020
Appeal for Contribution to Combat Covid-19
Task Force Covid-19
Salary to Regular - Contractual Staff - DU
Plagiarism Check of Thesis for DU Research Scholars
Office Order regarding COVID-19
Measures for prevention against COVID-19
UGC Advisory for Universities and Colleges – Novel Coronavirus (COVID19)
DU Care for Neighbour initiative
Health Centre Information
Dr. Sunil (CMO) - 8527220582
Dr. S. Jaiswal, SMO - 9873157303
Dr. N. Madan, SMO - 9810928378
Dr. S. Dugtal, SMO - 9810802184
Dr. Ritu Tanwar, MO - 9868038208
Dr. S. Karmakar, Medical Consultant - 9599780380
Dr. Y.P. Singh, PTMO - 9711907346
Dr. M.K. Grover, PTMO - 9810884590
Dr. Neena Paul, PTMO - 9999473251
Dr. Bijendra Singh, MO(C) - 9350596379
Dr. Sudha Goel, PTMO - 9811134606
Dr. Prasanna Kr. Sahu, MO(C) - 9811628144
